whats up youtube it's Kiko here I wanted
to bring you guys a little bit of a card
review for an extreme victory card
called Cheyenne's dojo basically this
card is going to make six samurais even
more broken than they already are um
I've been hearing some people talk and
asking you know do you think you'll run
1 2 or 3 i'm not sure exactly how many
i'll run in my six samurais but um this
card is going to make samurais even more
broken and for the record six samurais
are the most broken deck in this format
right now they were even more broken
when gateway was it three and when
solemn warning was at three but for the
people who want to say right now the six
samurais are not the most broken deck
you're lying to yourself when you have a
card that easily can be brought out on
your first turn that lets you negate a
spell or trap card it's ridiculous put
him out set 3 back row say go you know
solemn warning there monster what are
they going to do they're going to force
you know they're going to automatically
neg 1 by using a card and you negate it
just to be able to use another card and
you're just going to be able to plus
next turn anyway especially you have a
gateway or if you have any united's down
to increase your draw power anything
like that for you guys who don't know
what she ends dojo does let me read you
as effect it's a spell card that is a
continuous spell card and it states each
time a six samurai monster is normal or
special summon place a Bushido counter
on this card you can send this face-up
card to the Graveyard to special summon
one six samurai or she in effect monster
uh she in effect monster from your deck
whose level is equal to or lower than
the number of Bushido counters on this
card so picture opening up with like six
samurai United gateway she ends dojo
solemn warning you're going first
obviously solemn warning kageki and
grandmaster you activate your three
spell cards you normal summon your cocky
special summoning grandmaster that puts
two cards on our two counters on gateway
or on a united I'm sorry 4 counters on
gateway and two counters on
and dojo you can then draw two cards for
this six samurai United you can then
search for the cards that you want to
add into your hand from your from your
gateway and then you can also use your
to uh your two counters on your dojo to
pitch off and special summon Kagemusha
from the deck synchro summoning with
your kageki into that she in with your
gateway searches you'll probably end up
with like maybe getting two cousins and
special summoning them to the field
still giving you counters on gateway
it's going to be ridiculous because now
you don't always have to open hand that
Kai gehrke Kagemusha or kageki and a
smoke signal or rota or vice versa and
this just gives you one more option to
get sheehan out first turn it's going to
be absolutely ridiculous and what if you
open up with two dojos acadecki anna
Kagemusha you bring both of those out
you send both of your dojos bring out
two more synchro summon twice in two to
sheehans first turn it's going to be
broke I'm definitely going to be a good
card I don't know what the rarity is
going to be a haven't really researched
if it's come out yet or not so who knows
um all these decks the new fabled a
chaos plants chaos zombies whatever all
the miracle hero Gemini stun stuff XA
burrs gravekeeper's whatever they're all
good Greg keepers are probably my next
top tier deck but um Samuraizer still
broke they're going to be broke for at
least another six months and see what
happens on the next banned list but
we're too far away to even discuss that
right now so anyway Cheyenne's dojo
going to be a great card coming out of
the new extreme victory um which the
sneak peak comes out this weekend I'm
going to sneak peek so that's one of the
cards I'm going to look at getting
dojo or throws for scraps an interior
eggplant and a couple other things so if
you guys are going let me know what you
guys get let me know what you think on
this card leave a comment in the comment
section below I'd really like to see
that and get a good discussion going on
she ends dojo um basically no matter
what anybody says Samuraizer broke and
they're one of the best decks out there
in the meta right now the reason that
they did not top ycs anaheim like in the
top 16 or whatever is because you can
sign in so many cards against it so that
is the one drawback of the deck is that
it can be cited in against so easily but
I love all these people that come in and
say well all you got to do is disrupt
their first play and they're done you
can say that with any deck any deck
there's something that you can point out
that as long as you stop that then the
deck is done most likely for the game
you know it with great keepers if you
can get past their spy plays no woman
will cross out their spy and remove
those suckers from the game you know
things like that you can say that with
any deck so I don't want people coming
up to me and be able samurais aren't
that hard to stop they're not always
that hard to stop but they are a very
good competitive deck that has won
multiple ycs is over the last couple of
months and we'll keep topping in the top
32 for probably a good while to come but
when you can put in two or three kinetic
soldiers two or three Thunder Kings goes
and matches even penguin soldier now a
puppet planet all these cards you can
sign in for samurais that's where it
gets difficult with samurais but the
deck in general against another debt
game one samurais I would never bet
against them even though they will lose
some of the time but I would not bet
against them anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed this review please let me know
what you think about the card in the
comments section below and I'm going to
be having a couple of really good videos
coming up I'm getting back on my track
of the weekly videos that I'm having we
would just kind of got scattered rain
everything with some of the regionals
and stuff coming up and today is
Wednesday so tomorrow morning there will
be a deck update video and I hope you
guys will check that out on my channel
please comment rate and subscribe on the
channel if you have not already
subscribed I'd really appreciate it
thanks a lot YouTube peace